on Sunday millions of women around the
world became furious with their partners
for never looking at them the way
Bradley Cooper looked at our first guest
during their show-stopping musical
performance she is a brand-new Oscar
winner for her work at the movie a star
is born which returns to theaters for
one week only starting Friday police say
hello to Lady gaga
[Applause]
[Music]
here
thank you for coming it just wanted to
say a big thank you to you you made a
donation to my mom and ice foundation
the Born This Way Foundation worn this
way right yeah last week and thank you
so much it's for mental health and
empowering youth to build a kinder and
braver world and thank you that's how
you do the same what do you have in the
bag down what's going on you brought
your luggage I brought yeah well you
know I'm security so you know it's been
a quite a week
I don't know why you gave me these but
apparently the Oscar has some undies
lady gaga I was wondering if they would
write Stephanie on there or Lady Gaga do
you get to choose what they put on there
no oh so they decided to go with yeah
like you get one and it's what it is
yeah yeah and I'm just happy that
there's the name on her and it's your
name too
so what have you been doing since like
what has happened since Sunday night you
know it's just been incredible I swear
when we won it was like my whole
artistic journey flashed before my eyes
and I instantly saw myself sitting on my
stoop of my studio apartment in New York
City on the concrete with my keyboard
next to me trying to figure out how I
was gonna lug my keyboard again up my
walk-up and you know it's just it's
incredible you know this was hard work
yes and I say you know I said it in my
speech and I'll say it again if you work
hard and you don't give up you can do
anything and it's
I can tell you I know you put a lot of
work into everything you do and that
performance EU and Bradley gave that was
really it was like I mean you know we
were watching it at home were like
what's going on between these two did
you feel like it did two people I know
it causes big controversy because it was
such an emotion with Bradley that
instantly and I guess this is a
compliment people started saying like oh
you they must be dating must be in the
office first of all like like social
media quite frankly is the toilet of the
Internet yes pop culture is just like
abysmal and and and yes people saw love
and guess what that's what we wanted you
to see yes no I mean this is this is a
love song shallow this the movie a star
is born it's a love story we worked so
hard we worked all week on that
performance Bradley who and you know I
like never relinquish control about a
live stage performance and I've done a
million of them but you know he directed
this film right and he directed all of
you know obviously the musical moments
in the film and he directed obviously
shallow the moment in the film so I knew
that he had the vision for how it should
go
and so I was like you know what do you
what do you think Bradley and he gave me
he laid it all out I mean everything
that you saw the way that it was shot
the way that they pushed the piano out
you saw them you know put the piano
together and and walk up on stage no
intro all of it that was all him and he
even also was the one that was like I
think that the audience should be lit
you know so that we're not just let the
audience's lit so then I called Roy
Bennett who I work with and he does my
lighting and I'm like we need to light
the amber Bradley wants honeycomb and we
gotta give him what he wants
and you know and you know it was just
great and and from a performance
perspective it was so important to both
of us that we were connected the entire
time I mean look I've I've had my arms
wrapped around Tony Bennett for three
years touring the world I mean but when
you're singing love songs that's what
you want people to feel are you having
an affair with Tony Bennett BR and I
guess we did a good job and we Bradley
did a great job I've known him for a
long time and the idea of it's one thing
to go on stage and sing on the Oscars
that's terrifying just to start but then
to sing with you and to you know be
trading lines with you in a movie you
can pick and choose but you're on live
television was he terrified no though
cuz we practiced and we worked hard you
know Bradley's a musician I mean my
favorite thing about the whole
experience was I was just so excited for
people not only at home but you know our
peers in the room to see him sing live
to see that he can sing live saying
every take in this movie live every
single time I mean I was so excited and
you know I was in the moment but you
know when we started and he starts
singing tell me something girl the whole
audience started sharing and I was like
yes Bradley like yes they loved it keep
going
it was great so if you were acting you
could have that same connection with me
if we were singing
[Applause]
oh you'll only in this something like
that go right yeah I guess not yeah no
Bradley it's hard you know what I fall
in love with him when I look at him it's
really hard not to look into those eyes
and just get lost you know I don't feel
like I won I feel like we want I'm gonna
get a sharp
[Applause]
[Music]
till I die right
that is that is that was not in the
version of the movie and I saw that is
additional you've added some footage -
no I didn't out of breath right it's a
twelve minutes of additional footage
it's stars born on core and he did it
because he was working on the version of
the film for you know home for when you
guys you know buy it off the internet
mm-hmm so go see it in theaters it'll be
how you seen it in the theater the movie
yeah yes with like real paying customers
yeah yeah sometimes you see it out like
you know a big screening or whatever
yeah I'm like squatted in the back with
the popcorn like hiding and then I sneak
in 30 minutes out cuz like the end of
the movie so sad that I can't take it so
I'm just like crying with my popcorn oh
yeah is there a new ending in the 12
additional minutes Jack and Allie moved
to the valley and adopt a few kids it's
only for one week only for me yeah you
should go it comes out Friday
when you gave your speech were you ready
is this something that you'd ever
imagine yourself giving a speech at the
Academy Awards Oh actually when I was so
I had a job since I was like 14 years
old because I wanted more money than my
allowance and yeah what were you getting
from your parents at that time do you
remember like 20 bucks but just like its
considerable week yeah we oh I'm gonna
kill my parents I know but like 20 bucks
like was like in New York it's like five
drinks those 14 it's like you got like
save it all till Friday
you can't take a taxi
you know so it's like that that $20 was
my Friday night so like it wasn't usable
so I I saw I got a job and I was a
hostess and my mom and dad used to go to
the bar and they do with their friends
who are like writers and artists and you
know sometimes you know no one would be
coming in the restaurant and I'd be
standing there just with nothing to do
and I would just go I'd like to thank
the Academy for this tremendous honor I
wanted to be an actress my whole life
you know so I would like you know
practice my acceptance speech and
everyone at the bar would howl with
laughter like oh that's never gonna
happen
oh really I hope they were watching your
acceptance speech you by the way not
that you don't have I mean you you've
won a lot of awards and all deservedly
so but we have something for you in fact
Guillermo bringing us in this is to
celebrate the fact
[Applause]
and not only not only got that the air
wall is going to go to your home and
hang it on the wall for you well it is
wonderful to have you here thank you so
much for coming congratulations on the
movies great
it's called stars born there's a special
12 minute additional 12 additional
minutes returning the theaters for one
week only
starting Friday Lady gaga everybody
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings